Implement the shared storage for memory/rocksDb (#1525)
linera-io/linera-protocol: linera-shared-storage/README.md

<!-- cargo-rdme start -->

> This module provides the executables needed to provides a shared RocksDB/memory KeyValueStore server. It also provides the client functionality and tests them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides a shared key-value store server based on the RocksDB store and the in-memory store of `linera-views`. It also includes the corresponding client and end-to-end tests.
```
